(DOCSP-15561): Add up-to-date info on getting a Project ID (#992)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/get-started/find-your-project-or-app-id.txt

.. _find-your-project-or-app-id:

===========================
Find Your Project or App ID
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

.. _find-your-project-id:

Find a Project ID
-----------------

> The following steps guide you through finding your ``Project ID`` or

Reviewer: Since the title of this page uses "or" to distinguish between two different IDs, I immediately thought this sentence was using "or" for the same reason. Perhaps we can prevent that kind of confusion for users with this change?
```suggestion
The following steps guide you through finding your ``Project ID``, also known as a
```
